Support non-JSON and JSON-like content types for connectors (#7380)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_andrew_deserializenonjson.md

### Support non-JSON and JSON-like content types for connectors ([PR #7380](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7380))

> Connectors now inspects the `content-type` header of responses to determine how it should treat the response. This allows more flexibility as prior to this change, all responses were treated as JSON which would lead to errors on non-json responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors now inspect the `content-type` header of responses to determine how they should treat the response. This allows more flexibility as prior to this change, all responses were treated as JSON which would lead to errors on non-json responses.
```

The behavior is as follows:

> - If `content-type` contains `/json` (E.g. `application/json`) OR `+json` (E.g. `application/vnd.foo+json`): Content is parsed as JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `content-type` ends with `/json` (like `application/json`) OR `+json` (like `application/vnd.foo+json`): Content is parsed as JSON
```

- If no `content-type` header is provided: Content is assumed to be JSON and therefore parsed as JSON

> - If content is `text/plain`, content will be treated as a JSON `string`. Content can be accessed in `selection` mapping via `$` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If content is `text/plain`, content will be treated as a UTF-8 `string`. Content can be accessed in `selection` mapping via `$` variable.
```

"JSON" might imply we're looking for quotes
